## Variable and Type

First, it is important to understand the concept variable and identify different types of variable. Because we have different methods to deal with different variables. The following are 5 common variables. Like I said in the README, I am not an English native. I will not define most of concepts, instead, I will use some examples. 

- **integer**: in Python2.X, there are two type of integer. `int` and `long`. However, it has been simplified in Python3.X, only `int` is kept.
- **float**: from my understanding, float is just decimal. The difference is the position of "decimal point" is changable in scientific enumeration for float. e.g. `123.456` is the same as `1.23456e2` in scientific enumeration.
- **string**: `hi` `hello` are string. We use 'single quotes' or "double quotes" to represent string. **there are many ways to reprent string, I only know the two above currently**
- **bool**: there are only two values of bool type data. `True` and `False`. 
- **complex**: just the mathmatic complex number. imaginary number part is `j`.


## Naming a variable

It is very important to know how to name a variable correctly in Python. Somtimes naming will cause some unnecessary errors.

- MUST DO
  - alphabet; number; underline consist a varible. **number can NOT be at the beginning**
  - uppercase and lowercase have different meanings.
  - do NOT use Python keyword to name a variable. e.g. `print`
  
- [PEP8 requirement](<https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>)
  - read PEP8 standard will help you write beautiful codes.

